lerissa lazar
10-21-22
restraunt picker
the user will choose a category for the restraunts, and it will randomize 10 different restraunts.
peer reviewed by Kenneth Fujimura
I ran through the code and program and couldn't really find anything wrong. Everything works as it should. The code is clean, well organized, and very easy to follow. You've got everything needed for the A grade I believe. I also liked that you used the .Length for the randomization, which will make your program more robust and easy to add new restaurants if you like in the future. So great work all around! The only things I think are worth mentioning as small critiques:
- I would get into the habit of putting in more comments in your code. While our programs are still simple like this, it's not that big of a deal. But as we develop more complicated programs, it's going to be a good idea. Not just so other people can more easily read your code and follow your train of thought on how it's structured. But also so that while you're writing it, you yourself can better keep track of what everything does.
- In your instructions to the user, you say "...or choose random for any!" which I assume is an artifact of a possible build where you were going to let the player get a restaurant from any of the categories all at once. And as far as I can tell, that doesn't work/isn't built into your code. So I would maybe append or delete that to make things more straight forward.
- If you have time, I would tinker with your text output in the console so that it's a little more legible. Including some linebreaks and other formatting generally helps users read the console outputs quicker. But that's not actually necessary for this program and more of a flourish than anything.
- Double check with Ken to see if your title formatting is ok. I think it should be? But I haven't seen anyone else use periods and lowercase letters in the Program title, so I'm not 100% positive it'll work. And I know Ken is going to be extra mean if we botch up the program titles for this. (A straight 0 on the assignment).